It sounds like the truth.
My good grandfather
I see you.
Could it be that I can't get along abroad?
After returning to China
I want to find someone to retire with you, right?
Hey, you need to find someone to retire with you.
You have to find powerful people like us
You are looking for such a trash like him.
How could you starve to death? You are defiant
Powerless to grandpa again and again
Get out now
Why did you tell me to get out?
Who are you?
If you want to get out, you should get out.
No, you should be impersonated as the chairperson.
And you, pretending to be the heir, will be arrested
Make way for him to punish you
If you pass by, you can ask Lu Selfish.
Does he dare to arrest me?
Ouch, you're really pretending to be more and more like it.
Then the two of you will not be a real dragon
I will hand you over to Huachang Group in a while.
Just enough to take credit for Mr. Lu
The second sister is right
We should arrest these two people
Then hand it over to Mr. Lu
Let him see our center
I can't see your center.
But your wishful thinking
I can see clearly